well howdy there Internet Babel its Bo
again you know President Kennedy is
easily the most mythologized president
in American history
Camelot the Golden Age his quotes man
great that's not what your country can
do for you ask what you can do for your
country
it's good sounds good promise that dream
got corrupted you know country became
synonymous with government doing
something for your country became
synonymous with doing something for your
betters that's messed up
because Kennedy's legacy it was a whole
bunch of programs that were built to use
education to help people stand on their
own and yeah with everything going on
today and in the headlines I could
certainly talk about the Green Berets
again an organization that came into
their own under Kennedy I don't do that
because it just shows another way his
legacy has been undermined because I
think in Kennedy's vision they would be
training people in a lot of the
countries that were currently supporting
we talk about something else because
today in 1960 was the first time he
mentioned the Peace Corps first time he
publicly brought it up I think in a
speech at Michigan but that's another
one that's got this unrealized legacy
you know the idea just amazing Americans
traveling the world doing good problem
is government is not in the business of
doing good it's time not in the business
going around and helping people it's
really not it's in the business of
advancing its own national interests so
the Peace Corps very predictably became
a tool of US foreign policy
what was supposed to be the world's EMTs
became another way to open the door for
the world's policemen and it's my stuff
because you know the the common argument
against this is that war is big big
business infrastructure has big business
to really is we don't have to hurt
people to make money
infrastructure is huge would make just
as much money as war just have to retool
society to do it ask not what your
country can do for you he's got that
inherent nationalism in it and that was
the problem it limited it it gave it a
geographic region that it was supposed
to benefit
I'd say that's not what society can do
for you but ask what you can do for
society you know I talk about community
networks networks at the local level
that help build communities from the
ground up a lot and yeah we're going to
go around next summer and help people
build these and that's definitely on the
agenda and once it's done I would love
to see a community network in Atlanta
send somebody to Chicago to help them
build community gardens or whatever see
the see one in Colorado send somebody to
a village in Mexico to help them get
clean water and all of it done without
government and without borders just
people helping people can you imagine
that
I know people often say you know you got
this audience now what you gonna do and
he call to action right that's it that's
it
and I know it's a dream it's definitely
not easy but I think we should choose to
do it not because it's easy but because
it's hard anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day